Welcome to the 25 Nov 1998 version of AMIUBCSMAS/StarAna.
This readme files summarizes the contents of the other files in this
directory. If you are new to StarAna, read the file starana.txt
first of all.

advert.txt
  The advertisement you have probably already seen. Describes
  some features of StarAna in a very brief fashion.

fleets.txt
  Describes the function for specifying fleet views. You should read
  planets.txt first.

install.txt
  Help for installing StarAna under Windows and Linux

planets.txt
  Explains how to assemble functions to generate planetary views.

rules
  FIXME (Alberto ?) Probably the rules for the simulation.

starana.txt
  The main help file for StarAna.

technicalia.txt
  Describes the input file format in detail. Also gives some general
  information about the internals of StarAna.
Ok, so you know how to decompress the archive......it's a good sign.

If you downloaded just a component you should know that the package is
divided in 4 parts, and you need more than one to do anything. Make
sure you have at bin/windll/doc for use under windows 95 and src/doc
for use under linux.
If you have downloaded the "big" package then you already have enough
stuff.

Check the files in the doc/ subdirectory. The info is subdivided in
several files.

Advert.txt you have already read, probably.

Install.txt contains some information on win95/linux installation,
start from this file.

Then starana.txt, for a "normal user" description of what the program
does and how to use it.

Planets.txt and fleets.txt come next, with the explanation of how to
manipulate the planetary/fleet display functions.

If you feel like trying you can look in technicalia.txt for technical
details.  It's badly outdated, I have added lots stuff which is not
described in there, also, several things have been changed.

If you're on linux you need to edit Makefile.local to suit your needs
before entering src/ for the compilation.

You can read src/ChangeLog to see what has changed in time....
Doc/rules is probably useless to you (and to me :).

Ok, have fun and don't rm -rf your root partition by mistake...

Alberto
(e-mail: ishark@lsh01.univ-lille1.fr)


Ah, I was forgetting:

LICENSE, CONTRIBUTIONS, WARRANTIES (hahaha!)

This code is scareware, which is the same as freeware, except that the
source is included to scare people. You can freely use and distribute
it (the complete package). You can also hack it or derive stuff from
it, in which case I'd like to be in the credits.

If you REALLY want to send me something (e-mail, money, germanium,
armageddon missiles, etc.) you can, of course (hmm...you can keep the
missiles), but, honestly, I don't need any money (e-mail I like and
germanium might always come in handy). Well, at least RIGHT NOW, I'll
make sure to change this paragraph should the need arise ;)

Of course there's no warranty coming with this program. You might lose
time, wives, stars! games, etc......and I can't be held responsible for
it in ANY way. If your HD gets wiped or your system corrupted or
anything else I can't be held responsible, too, but I'd like to know
HOW you managed to do that (if you're working under Winbog don't tell
me, switching on and waiting is sufficient........).
